Eternal Plot Outline Version Anomatica-32004-02-12PROLOGUELevel 0: PrologueCHAPTER 1: You give Hathor access to Marathon. She disposes of you. You save yourself, meet friendly Tycho, and either A) fail to trap Hathor in engineering and end up working with Durandal to chase her across time (which is a failure, try again) or B) trap Hathor in engineering and end up working with Tycho to chase her across time.Level 1: Power up a backup engineering computer core.Level 2: Uplink Hathor into the Marathon network. Get beamed to the Pfhor ship.Level 3: Escape the Pfhor ship.Level 4: Try to trap Hathor in Engineering.FAILURE...Level 5: Cut off the secret exit from Durandal's core, trapping Hathor.Level 6: Smash Durandal's core. He survives and Hathor escapes. Pursue.Level 7: Failure Dream 1. Pfhor are sacking Sol.SUCCESS:Level 8: Smash Tycho's core. He survives and Hathor escapes. Pursue.Level 9: Jjarandal dream sequence...CHAPTER 2: Hathor alters the Pfhor to Leela's presence on a captured ship, and she is shot down. We capture a ship of our own, rescue her ship, take out the Pfhor city she was assaulting, then chase down and trap Hathor again. Tycho is taken out by an evil Tycho clone. Hathor flees and we pursue with Leela.Level 1: Kill Pfhor Controller Cyborgs, free S'pht & Human slaves, capture ship.Level 2: Save Leela's crashed ship, break into Pfhor city.Level 3: Shut down city's shield generators.Level 4: Shut down outpost starport power grid.FAILURE:Level 5: Clear derelict ship.Level 6: Blow up starport. Hathor escapes. Pursue with Tycho.Level 7: Failure Dream 2. Pfhor deploying trih xeem on Sol.SUCCESS:Level 8: Blow up starport. Hathor escapes. Pursue with Leela.Level 9: Jjarandal dream sequence...CHAPTER 3: We arrive in the past several decades after Hathor. She has disabled Thoth, and the S'pht have fallen into war. You are kidnapped by S'bhuth and set to the task of destroying their weapons, the Defenders. S'bhuth then helps you to destroy Hathor, but throws you into statis on Lh'owon in case the world needs defense in the future now that the S'pht are defenseless. We are awakened when the Pfhor assault 1000 years later. We kick their asses royally. Then, if we are lucky, we run into Leela, who was stranded on Lh'owon when S'bhuth locked us up. She partially reassembled Hathor and grabbed the codes to future K'lia, merged with the remants of dead future S'bhuth, and went to explore the universe... only to find that something that happened at the Pfhor invasion of Lh'owon had caused the future of that timeline to vanish. She traces the causality back... Because we're kicking so much ass, the Pfhor are about to deploy the trih xeem, which would release the W'rkncacnter and doom the universe. We must disable the ship with that weapon in order to save the future. But while we do so, Hathor beams out to another, different time. The S'pht finished reassembling her, and she then called the Pfhor to Lh'owon for escape. With the trih xeem disabled, we pursue after her with the new, enlightened Leela. If we don't happen to run into Leela, who cannot directly find us because we are in the shielded basement of the Citadel, we will continue to work with S'bhuth. The Pfhor will deploy the trih xeem, and S'bhuth will offer to take us with him as he and the S'pht'Kr fold out of the system. This leads to failure, because the W'rkncacnter is released.Level 1: Meet S'bhuth. Nuke some Defenders.Level 2: Kill more Defenders elsewhere.Level 3: Destroy Hathor. Go into statis.Level 4: Kill some Pfhor. Seal off the S'pht citadel. Find Leela or not?FAILURE:Level 5: Kill more Pfhor.Level 6: More Pfhorslaying. S'bhuth takes you with him as he flees the nova.Level 7: Failure Dream 3. The W'rkncacnter was released at Lh'owon and the universe does not exist. This is just a figment of your imagination.SUCCESS:Level 8: Disable Pfhor flagship.Level 9: Jjarandal dream sequence...CHAPTER 4: Hathor has travelled to an ancient Jjaro outpost she read about in the Pfhor databanks at the attack of Lh'owon. This is the site of the infamous Drinniol revolt. She plans to capture that cyborg Hulk and use it as a weapon. We arrive moments before Hathor is due, and destroy the Pfhor science outpost she was beaming to. She beams to the colony instead. The Pfhor are about to trih xeem the entire system to suppress the revolt. We beam down to destroy the transmitters on the station so that Hathor will be trapped and destroyed when the sun goes nova. We must battle the cyborg hulk in the process. We destroy the transmitters, but are tricked into beaming Hathor aboard the Jjaro dreadnaught also in orbit. No matter, Leela thinks we should blow it up anyway to keep it out of Pfhor hands. We either: A) Neglect to smash the control computer while triggering the self-destruct countdown, which lets Hathor cancel it and steal the ship, or B) smash the core while we're at it, making Hathor flee further into the past via the ship's Cybernetic Junction.Level 1: Blow up Pfhor station.Level 2: Battle past cyborg Hulk, destroy transmitters.Level 3: Beam off the colony.Level 4: Trigger ship's self-destruct.FAILURE:Level 5: A Pfhor flagship enters the system to survey the successful detonation of the trih xeem. While they're here, lets kick their asses. Then... holy shit!Level 6: Back on the Dreadnaught, in a different part. Run and hide from wallmounted defenses. Vacuum. Try to get back to the control core and smash it. Dreadnaught vanishes.Level 7: Failure Dream 5. Hathor returns in Digis Meso Dei (Dreadnaught). Chaos ensues.SUCCESS:Level 8: A Pfhor flagship enters the system to survey the successful detonation of the trih xeem. While they're here, lets kick their asses. The Dreadnaught explodes and we go back to the future.Level 9: Jjarandal dream sequence...CHAPTER 5: Hathor has discovered Halo. She wants to prevent it's activation, to create a timeline in which Flood rule the galaxy, to beam the survivors of her timeline into. We must activate Halo and ensure that history goes as recorded.Level 1: Inside Halo's lower/outer crust, "outside"/"underground". Meet 343GS.To activate Halo:Produce Index.Bring to Control Center.Level 2: ???Level 3: ???Level 4: ???FAILURE:Level 5: ???Level 6: ???Level 7: Failure Dream 5. The Flood long ago overran the galaxy, and no sentient races were present to prevent the awakening of various W'rkncacnter around the galaxy. They have since fought another cataclysmic war, and the universe is left barren and empty.SUCCESS:Level 8: ???Level 9: Final Jjarandal dream sequence. Epilogue. You join the Jjaro, learn of the Eternal Champion and the Dark One. Shift the timeline, Halo happens instead?